okay today is a special day today is
another hustle in why event just started
when I first moved to New York City I
had a peachy party at my friend out
apartment she hooked it up with like
food and drinks and the goal was to just
bring all of these creatives
entrepreneurial people in New York City
to one place to just chat and connect
and exchange business cards basically
for all of my creative friends to meet
my other creative friends and so on and
so forth but now I have evolved into
something so massive and so excited
wanting to make it bigger I've talked a
lot to my friend Chris Hall who is a
next level human who runs a startup
which is also bomb and ovens so we
decided to tag payment and turn these
parties into kind of almost like a
quarterly get-together of awesome
creative people we named it
hustle in Y so the second one is tonight
I am pumped it is at B&H photo video you
know the massive camera store in the
middle of New York City it's there
there's going to be so many dull people
and I also invited some peaches and I
tweeted out last minute today and sent
out a few invites you never know what's
going to go down Twitter let's go let's
go Kay yes it's so crazy because I'm
walking through the store that I usually
like my camera stuff I there's like
drinks set up and everything and look
there's tent
we got hint everywhere I'm like goodness
I don't quite understand what's the calm
before the storm it's about 45 minutes
before the party starts I get a little
nervous but once things get going in
front everyone shake all the hands talk
to all the people to plug my own so you
gotta you got a real plug now you're
ready you're ready for tonight I'm ready
to focus deja vu de Ville up right I
know
[Music]
his higher
entire place is filled up so middle of
hustle NY about to say a few words but
we also are having like a raffle going
on to where it be an agent giving away a
60s TV you expand a free HDTV and HDTV
and then we got all of these like Instax
cameras and stuff so people are going to
get hooked up and a ps4 guys this is a
grand prize along with the amazing after
the box how can we bring together all of
our creative genius friends and one
quiet and another super world I think
we're all the way thank you so much at
making so much for coming Oh baby image
again and yeah
we're giving you the raffle ticket
[Music]
[Applause]
all night has ended yo girls knees are
just about to give out I'm exhausted but
oh my gosh I am writing away it was
amazing Chris another successful hustle
in life
look at John affair with them how would
you drive yourself to the internet Vanna
Sarah oh dude this is our next level
I can explain I real quick culture okay
yeah and if I'm egos yeah make sure you
go get that album in stores yeah I must
plug yeah and yes that's like you yeah
you made that happen yeah I like it
Alex hey I finally meet no man I'm
understanding you now
you know like a year ago this is what a
talented graphic designers it'll chairs
ever be two times it goes like thank you
guys me attention pay attention what
good so it's coming after puffle in why
it was dope I don't really have any more
to say about it but good news I got I
got all of my boxes unpacked that my
friends is a fantastic step in the right
direction
I mean it's messy but but look I have
things in my closet I have things on
shelves there are no more but well
there's more and more box but there's no
more pretty much boxes over here I've
got to put my bike up I'm keeping my
bike my new apartment has free bike
storage amazing TV and stuff I don't
think that's where my desk is going to
go I have a couch being delivered
tomorrow so once I have my final piece
of furniture we'll see where all the
things go yes I've been sleeping on the
sad little air mattress since I moved
here as a good segue and to thank you
cool brands who send me stuff for free
we're not being paid to show you any of
this it's not like a hashtag ad but
thank you
[Applause]
my previous mattress was as hard over
rock so I left it at my old apartment
and I asked you guys on Twitter what I
should do there are up a billion startup
companies out there ordering mattresses
and then you go to an actual mattress
store and I want to charge you like
$4,000 for a fluffy mattress please Matt
Matt's life
a lot of you guys had tough to needle
and they came through can you handle it
Sarah place mattress on bed frame smart
start where you need it I think I can do
it but I always find ways to mess mess
things like this up
[Music]
oh my gosh
it's also has can be nice this next
package I think is more of your vibe
it's another electric skateboard going
wrong I love your skateboards are
fantastic and I'm familiar with the
company actin because I have made a full
review of their smaller blink board
compared to bf2 which is actually what I
think this is because the other word is
so tiny it feels like not the best
around yet City but smaller than a
boosted board so it's better for the
shorter journeys the errands
we're not scaling four miles across
Manhattan haha I wish guys I could show
you my inbox how many electric
skateboard companies contact I'm pretty
sure they're thinking is okay there's no
one can get in touch with jc9 to that
what about that random chicks youtuber
provides those electric skateboard let's
reach out to her but it was actually one
that I will use the backpack so here it
is my favorite thing about the use is
light yes so I have this like clear grip
on it your reminds me is that rock candy
on a stick
you know what I'm talking
now only other lights maasai there's
also lights in the front and lights in
the back pretty good
definitely taking this out tomorrow all
right you can thank you so much for
hanging out with me today like always
everything that you pretty much see in
the vlog that I ever buy or get send to
me there will be a affiliate link down
in description below if you want to
check it out yourself
make sure you tells me it was fun what
it is like this video hit the subscribe
button down below if you have not yet
for new videos Monday through Friday
stay peachy okay by me Papa's on your
side okay bye
[Music]